Well, good evening, everybody.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We'll go over some of the things the Lord showed us last Friday before I took my break.
We're backing up for another week of prayer.
Thank you for joining me, and we'll see what the Lord has for us tonight.
All glory to Jesus.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
There's a lot happening in the news, isn't there?
But tonight's video is 'The Valley of Decision' for what I'm praying over for President Trump concerning his major decisions that he's going to make.
The Lord gave me this in prayer, and I'm just going to jump right into it.
I just felt the unction of the Holy Ghost.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
When I was in prayer yesterday, I got caught up in the Spirit.
Over the next two weeks—I want you to hear this very carefully—major decisions will be made concerning Iran and Pakistan.
Major disruptions are about to erupt in Pakistan.
I saw Pakistan very clearly.
The Lord said there are things about to take place.
Now, you might say, 'Well, Brandon, when is that going to take place?
' I don't know; I see in part, but I saw Pakistan and Iran highlighted.
As I saw this major thing about to happen in Iran, I heard anti-Semitism will be at an all-time high in the days ahead.
I saw New York City again.
I saw the Jewish community in New York City and in other parts of the United States, as well as Jewish communities in other nations, under great persecution.
I saw great anti-Semitism coming at an all-time high in the days ahead concerning the Jewish people.
I saw great protests, and I saw that some of them were in danger.
When I was shown this, I saw people fleeing to Israel.
They were uprooting their families in these major cities and they said, 'We've had enough.
' They were getting their things and moving to Israel.
I thought that was interesting.
I told Diana, 'Would you look that up, if what we're looking at is biblical?
' She found scriptures about how God would bring the people back together after they were scattered in the end times.
Like I said, I'm not a Bible scholar when it comes to stuff like this.
When I'm looking in the spirit and the Lord is showing me things, I thought it was interesting.
He said He was bringing His people home.
He was bringing the Jewish people home.
I saw the Jews going to Israel in mass numbers from persecution that will arise in the days ahead.
They were all starting to come back to Jerusalem.
I thought that was interesting on a greater scale in the days ahead.
I saw fires all over with great protests in New York City.
I saw the forty-first floor of a major building in New York City on fire again.
I saw a lot of fires in buildings and rioting coming to New York in the days ahead.
I thought that was interesting because He keeps showing me this over and over again concerning New York.
He was upset again when I was praying in the spirit about the new mayor of New York and the decisions that are already being made.
So we saw that.
Now, I will go over what the Lord showed us Friday.
I saw young men being paid off by the drug cartel in Venezuela trying to raise up an army against our troops that have been on the ground in Venezuela, but it was toward Brazil.
I saw Cuba devising a plan on how to create civil unrest in Venezuela and Colombia.
I saw the cartel.
I saw great operations of cocaine distribution plants—huge operations full of people who looked strung out and broken.
I saw ten buildings that looked like metal buildings with waves, like wavy tin that you put on a chicken coop, a pig pen, or a barn.
It was designed with metal on the outside, like stucco, but it was rusty.
It looked like it was rusty and falling apart.
There were white stains on the buildings.
There was rust, and I could see where the nail holes were with rust coming down the sides of the buildings.
I could see the roof, but they were manufacturing cocaine and drugs in them.
It was all in Colombia on the border, and I saw major trafficking of drugs in those areas.
As I was looking into this, I saw highways that looked like veins spread out all over Europe, Africa, America, and Asia.
I saw the Panama Canal, and they were taking the drugs and distributing them into Asia.
I saw Cuba at high alert under great pressure.
I saw their president inside of a mountain.
He was in a bunker in the mountain, hiding out, afraid of the United States coming in and invading again like they did with Venezuela.
He was lying low.
He was in the ground similar to Saddam.
He was hiding in that bunker, but this man was hiding.
He's trying to be cocky because he thinks he's protected by the mountain.
It would take something like a bunker buster to get him because there was only one way in and one way out.
I could see these men with berets on their heads—some were African-American—standing at the entrance of this vault.
It looked like a massive metal structure with a huge door, like something out of Doomsday Preppers.
I could see him again devising a plan to raise up soldiers to try to create havoc in Venezuela in the days ahead.
How do we bring civil unrest and how do we destroy the oil wells they're after?
I saw huge white containers made to hold oil, and they were targeting them.
Some were on the water and some were inland, but I could see these containers full of oil and they were targeting them.
I saw drones flying in the sky.
I could see our Marines protecting these places with heavy artillery, ready in case.
The Lord kept saying, 'Guerrilla warfare, guerrilla warfare.
' I could hear people coming out of the jungles threatening these young men in the cartel: 'If you don't do what we tell you, we'll eliminate your whole family.
You fight for us or we will take out your grandma, your mama, and all your sisters and force them into slavery.
' I saw these young men in white T-shirts.
They didn't look like they had much.
Some had longer hair, but they looked like they were being forced to fight.
I saw them being given guns and going into jungle warfare.
Some of these people, especially from Cuba, were very familiar with the terrain.
I saw over ten thousand people trying to infiltrate to take the land and cause havoc for America in the days ahead.
This was also concerning Colombia.
I saw things coming for Colombia.
I saw Claudia pacing back and forth in a room with old antique furniture.
It was beautiful cherrywood furniture.
It looked like something out of the Victorian era.
It looked very Victorian where she was.
She was in a room and on the phone talking to the Colombian president?
I don't know who he was or what his title is, but she was talking to him.
He acted cocky like he didn't care.
She was pacing back and forth with nervous energy.
I could see her in her room pacing back and forth, asking, 'What do we do?
' She's afraid for her life because of the cartel that is backing her.
At times she acted like she was scared for everything because of what's coming: a storm.
I told you a major revival is about to hit Mexico.
I saw liberation coming for the Mexican people, and for Colombia, Venezuela, and Cuba.
A major revival is coming to South America.
It's already, I believe, taking place in Brazil, but the Lord showed me a major revival coming in the days ahead for all of South America.
But as I was seeing the head of state be cut, the drug distribution and oil revenue, this was about major business concerning backing the dollar and all the things coming for the dollar, trying to sustain life in America.
This is what I thought was interesting.
Remember I told you I saw the prime minister of Italy—the woman?
She does not like the situation with Greenland, and the Lord warned us how many times about her standing up with Mark in Canada, England, Macron, Germany, Finland, and these nations.
And I saw a major business deal coming about with the United States of America offering each person in Greenland a sum of money.
It was over $20,000 per citizen.
It was divided fifty-fifty.
I saw a vote coming, but it was split fifty-fifty.
A lot of the young people were excited about it; the elders weren't.
I saw something with the fishing industry.
The elders wanted to keep the way they've always lived, but it was about minerals and all these things.
And I saw Trump say, 'I'm going to strongarm them.
' This is where the vision stopped.
I didn't see that they became a part of America, so I don't want to add to or take away from anything.
But as I saw a shaking coming to Canada—specifically British Columbia—I saw they would secede from Canada in the days ahead and become a part of America.
British Columbia would try to pull away from Canada because of financial trouble that's coming.
I told you I saw Taiwan, and I keep seeing Taiwan.
I saw an escalation of things where China was trying to devise a plan with their generals for taking Taiwan.
When I see this dome of prayer, I heard the Lord say, 'You can delay the inevitable.
' You can delay this through prayer.
I saw a golden dome come up over Taiwan on all sides through prayer.
But as I was interceding, the Lord said they have not taken their freedom from the communist regime of China seriously over the years.
They've taken their freedoms for granted and haven't prayed enough.
As I was looking into South Korea, the Lord said it will even be challenging in the days concerning South Korea, and a communist dragon will try to grab onto South Korea.
But because there's more prayer root there, it will be held back.
As long as my people in South Korea intercede and pray, it will hold back communism from their nation.
As long as they humble themselves and pray, turning from their wicked ways, He said, 'Brandon, I will have a hedge of my protection over South Korea.
' I saw it trying to infiltrate.
It was a Chinese-looking spirit, like a snake or a dragon coming out of China into North Korea, trying to come over.
It was a bad way of thinking through their government and their politics.
He said it's trying to get a stronghold through their leaders.
They don't have the right leaders.
Pray for their leaders; it's an infiltration from China coming in through North Korea.
It's a spirit that's trying to hook them, but they will be a major pillar in the end-time church.
Revival will go out from there if they pray.
But I saw Taiwan with this golden dome on all sides; if the people will pray.
If they don't, they'll fall within three days.
I saw they'll fight for one day, then into the second, but by the end of the second day, it will completely fold.
I saw the Chinese government using weapons that have never been used before, similar to what America did to Venezuela.
They have the same technological weaponry capabilities, maybe even better in some ways.
I still believe America is top, but there were things that China had that even America didn't have—secret things—and they would use them as a flex.
These people had artillery, but it was no match for what China would try to do.
It fell in three days, just like that.
When I see all these things in the spirit and the Lord warns me, I know we can pray.
That's why the Lord said, 'Cover them in prayer.
' I saw a dome of glory around them, and He said, 'You can hold it and delay the inevitable of what will come in the days ahead.
' Delay it.
But as I saw Trump say this right here—you can play it: 'It is a source of pride for him.
He considers it to be a part of China, and that's up to him what he's going to be doing.
But I've expressed to him that I would be very unhappy if he did that, and I don't think he'll do that.
I hope he doesn't do that.
So you don't think you've set a precedent?
He may do it after we have a different president, but I don't think he's going to do it with me as president.
Supposing you're Xi Jinping and you've watched the events of the past; you're probably impressed with it.
' 'The special operators—he was impressed.
You may also be thinking that if you're Xi, you could use the same logic to decapitate and control Taiwan, or why couldn't Putin use that same argument to grab the rest of Ukraine or go beyond into other former Soviet states?
In other words, have you created a precedent that you may come to regret later on?
' 'No.
Because this was a real threat.
You didn't have people pouring into China.
You didn't have drugs pouring into China.
You didn't have the jails of Taiwan opened up and the people pouring into China.
There aren't that many people in the jails, but you didn't have hundreds of thousands of people coming from jails and mental institutions.
But Taiwan—she would tell you Taiwan's a threat to China, that it's a separatist operation.
What's the source of Xi's pride for him?
' So in his mind, it's already theirs.
The way it sounded to me, if they take it, I hope he doesn't do it in my term, but even then, it didn't sound like he's going to resist it.
So maybe he will, maybe he won't, I don't know.
So it kind of went with what I've been seeing.
Number two was praying over what I saw about the government coming in, and I saw Russia come in and just take out Zelensky and their government and all the things that are escalating in Europe.
So you've seen a lot of the shorts that my son has been making.
He has been hard at work, hasn't he?
Making shorts and making drawings.
You know, everybody said, 'Brandon, can you comment on some of these things that you posted?
' No, it's—we did it like The Economist.
We were having fun putting on there.
There's no explanation.
I'm not here to interpret a vision of what I've seen.
I put on what I saw.
Now, The Economist doesn't interpret what they put on there and tell you, 'This is what we're trying to say.
' You pray about it.
You pray about every person that I put on there.
I'm not saying the Lord didn't tell me to do that.
He said, 'Be bold and put this on there and then walk away.
' So that's what we did, and we're making a new one.
It's going to be even better than this last one.
Braden said, 'That was fun.
I enjoyed that.
Let's make another one.
' So we're making another one.
It will be even more detailed.
The next one we work on is going to be a piece of work, but it's going to be an amazing art piece.
I'm excited about it.
I told him, 'We'll work on this for a couple of days, a week or so, whatever, and then we'll present it to the people, and they can look at it.
' But it's all the things the Lord has shown me in visions, and we put it together and just present it to the people.
So, pretty neat, I guess.
So, was that it?
No.
Play this.
Now this is interesting.
This is the head of the NATO army, I guess.
Yes.
Can you play what he says?
This is pretty interesting.
Experience of the two nations' militaries, a deep commitment to the alliance, and a sense of urgency—and that sense of urgency is essential.
When I look around the globe—Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, and others are increasing their collaboration and their cooperation as their interests align against us.
We see this clearly in Ukraine.
While President Trump pushes for a peaceful resolution to a horrible war, China continues to fund Putin's war machine.
Iran continues to supply technology and weapons, and North Korean combat troops remain in Russia on Ukraine's border.
And of course, there's a confluence between Russia, Iran, and Venezuela and their dark fleet of oil tankers that is helping to fund the war.
In the Arctic and the High North, we see a similar trend.
Russian and Chinese vessels are conducting more and more joint patrols.
Chinese icebreakers and research vessels are in Arctic waters, and their research is not for peaceful purposes.
It's to gain a military advantage.
Russia, meanwhile, continues testing advanced capabilities in the Barents Sea.
As new shipping routes emerge and new resources are discovered, the Arctic only grows in strategic importance.
And all of this comes in the midst of an increasing hybrid threat: airspace violations, GPS and GNSS interference, and the shadow fleet in the Baltic Sea threatening underwater infrastructure.
In short, the Arctic and Northern Europe by extension have become a frontline for strategic competition within NATO Allied Command Operations.
The command that SACEUR oversees has taken steps to strengthen our deterrent posture, much of which is oriented in that northern region here.
Just over a year ago, we established Baltic Sentinel, an activity.
Yeah.
And then Cuba, and then he had...
what is it?
Committee address.
United States and Russia...
and he posted something in Russian.
Who did that?
'United States is miscalculating today in retaliation to Iran.
' I don't know.
He made a post in Russian.
Why'd he put it in Russian?
I don't know.
I think maybe his normal account got banned.
But he did have a Russian account.
I wonder what that means.
Yeah, because there's a reason he chose Russian.
I wonder if there's a reason he chose Russian.
I'm just telling you, that guy...
I pray that his days are numbered.
He's a very bad man.
Interesting.
Well, I guess that's it for that part of it.
You know, we can pray now and we'll see what the Lord shows us.
We bring all this stuff to you.
Braden works hard on it trying to find things to bring to the people to show you what's in the news and what we have seen prophetically that aligns with it.
Everybody wants to know why Sister Clipboard wasn't in there because that wasn't prophetic.
That's just us having fun.
Regardless, he was taking that really seriously—what his mission was to draw that picture out—and we weren't trying to...
it's not comical.
It's very serious.
This is very serious, where we are.
We believe in the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
So, that's why we didn't put her on there, as funny as it was.
Schumer is that, and he'll say in the days ahead, 'Impeach, impeach, impeach.
' You'll hear him.
And there'll be more and more of an uprising of people trying to get rid of President Trump.
That's why we must pray for him to be protected, for him to finish, live long, finish strong, and finish what God has called him to do.
So, pretty cool, huh?
That's why I believe this channel exists—is to pray for the end-time events.
Turkey was saying...
Turkey warns the Western world to keep out of Iran and calls out Israel for fueling protesters.
I saw that.
That's something I saw—Turkey joining up and they became really strong.
I just actually saw that.
And they would join up with Syria and they would start to beat their war drums.
That's kind of interesting.
I didn't see that.
'We do not wish to see any chaos in...
' You watch it?
I'd like to see.
I had seen this.
I haven't watched it either.
Oh, it's probably boring then.
'We do not wish to see any chaos in our...
' Yeah, probably.
I just read the title, so I think that's good.
I just don't want to bore the people.
I just think it's interesting because this is along the lines of what we've seen.
And then he sent me this...
I'm telling you there's a major event about to take place, and that's why there'll be so much anti-Semitism.
Do you remember whenever I saw that they would attack their oil wells?
That there would be a blow against the oil wells in Iran and it would cause...
okay.
And this is just me looking into it.
Just me talking.
You sitting on the couch with me.
We got the oil from Venezuela.
Now we're telling Russia, 'You can't have it.
' China, 'You can't have it.
You come over here, we'll blow up your boat.
I'm going to make a deal.
You're going to touch everything.
' That's what he's doing.
So then I saw in the days ahead that Iran's oil fields would be on fire, and I thought it would be back last summer.
And when I told Braden, I said, 'Where are the oil fields on fire?
Are we about to see that?
' I saw the price of oil going over $100 a barrel.
Would that be a strategic way?
Just saying.
I'm just me talking.
A strategic way looking into a vision of if Israel attacks Iran's oil and wiped out their oil fields in the days ahead, would that make the price of the barrel of oil go up—that we've seized in Venezuela because we're controlling their economy now to boost up the dollar and the petro-dollar?
I don't know.
Would it?
If we eliminate our allies' oil supply and we've taken over Venezuela's oil supply, would that be a strategic move to back the petro-dollar and the United States dollar by making sure that the dollar stays king?
I don't know, because I know if Iran's oil is not in play and Russia's oil has sanctions all over it, and the United States of America is controlling Venezuela's oil and our own oil, does that make things more in favor for the petro-dollar?
Saudi Arabia's oil is already with us, right?
They're with us.
Baby, I don't know.
It's just me.
It's just me looking into it because I saw the oil fields burning in Iran, but then I saw a retaliation of them trying to blow up Venezuela's oil wells concerning America.
That's what we saw this last time on Friday.
I saw oil wells, and it's even in the cartoon—oil wells on fire.
I thought, "Is this symbolic?
" The oil is on fire.
Why do I keep seeing all the oil on fire?
You can show it right there.
See it right there?
All the oil wells are on fire.
It had the B-2 bomber on it.
I don't know.
We'll see because the Lord told us to watch over this time frame, and it goes up until the 26th.
Then he said, "Watch the 3rd of February.
" Remember?
I said, "Third?
The third will smell like a turd.
" It's grotesque, but it's the word he used.
The third will come out smelling like a turd.
Why?
It's a stench before me.
He talked about going into the 3rd of February, praying over this time frame before the Olympics start on the 6th.
That's why the Olympics are in the background: praying over a Black Swan event.
There was a huge black swan floating down the river in Paris.
It wasn't a small black swan; this was a massive black swan, so much so that he's riding it now.
All right, let's pray.
That third was when Maduro got captured, right?
Yeah, the third.
That's interesting.
I saw the third.
Was that February 3rd?
I'm thinking it's January 3rd.
The third.
I see in part here, but I think it's interesting because Maduro was captured on the 3rd.
I saw the third, but I'm thinking it's February 3rd.
He said, "Tres, tres, tres, tres.
" I kept hearing it in the spirit: "Tres, tres, tres.
" That's in Spanish.
So it happened on the third.
"Tres, tres, tres," and I kept saying it.
I'm thinking, but I saw snow.
I saw mountains, and I saw the number three coming down a mountain.
There's no snow in Venezuela.
So I don't know.
"Tres, tres, tres.
" It was a purple three.
If anybody remembers, I saw a purple three coming down a snowbank.
It was highlighted, and I thought that was interesting.
I know a lot of this stuff is symbolic for things, like the purple dragon coming up out of the water.
It went three times.
Why did the purple dragon come up out of the water on the Atlantic side by Miami three times?
The third day, and Maduro fell within just a couple of minutes.
It happened on the third day.
They used weapons that we've never seen, and all their soldiers—we were all vomiting blood.
We had stuff coming out of our noses.
They were using things—they only had 20-some guys, and there were hundreds of us—and they wiped us out in seconds by pointing this thing at us.
I said they'll use a weapon for crowd control in the days ahead, and they'll wipe out crowds with it in a matter of seconds.
I didn't see anyone bleeding out of their noses or stomachs; I just saw them knocked out cold, and they woke up a couple of minutes later.
They got out of the Hummers, and everybody fell like dominoes all over the place.
They didn't give you a chance to try to rebel.
No more rioting.
Everybody just fell out.
It was a way to make you stop, no more acting crazy in riots.
You will just do what we tell you to do, and everybody just fell down.
They arrested the people who needed to be arrested that fast.
Nobody lost their life; nobody got hurt.
They were just arrested because they were already on top of you.
When you were waking up, you were in handcuffs.
You're done.
No more rioting, no more protesting, nobody acting crazy.
It was mounted on cars; I saw it mounted on Hummers, and all they did was turn it, and everybody fell down.
I said, "Is this the same technology that they use, just turning the volume down so it doesn't make everybody go bloody everywhere?
" Maybe there are strengths to it.
I don't know.
But this is what I saw in 2014.
I saw this on July 6th, 2014.
I got caught up in the spirit, and the Lord took me out of my body.
I tried to warn people about this, about the drones and everything that's coming since 2014.
The Lord said all this, and here we are seeing it.
They're saying, "We've never seen anything like this.
We've never seen anybody use anything like this before.
What is this?
" The United States is not someone to mess with.
I said, "That's nothing compared to what I've seen.
" A blue light, a blue energy that's endless for planes and jets—a fuel that never needs to be redone.
You don't have to fill it up anymore; it runs off a gallon of water.
I saw jet engine fuel that burns off a tank, and it's sufficient like nuclear power.
The Lord said it's big; it's better than splitting an atom.
Have I made that public?
Not very much.
I haven't talked about that, have I?
Well, I won't say anything else about that.
I'm pretty open about everything, y'all, but there are certain things that I see in rooms and places that I just don't talk about.
I said probably a little bit more tonight than I ever have about that.
It's just a new technological thing that's about to take place that jets will be run off of.
I saw the mathematical equations of how to operate it, how to solve the math equations to make it happen.
In my mind, I'm simple and don't know what I'm looking at, but I can see the mathematical equations of how to make it happen for this new energy.
People say they heard it, that I talked about it.
They heard me say that.
Okay, good.
I saw it; I've seen the labs.
It was all written on a board, and I saw these men in white suits making it.
I could see the equations.
One day soon, you'll have energy in cars and planes that won't use fossil fuels.
They'll try to create this new kind of energy.
Then I saw portals, how they were trying to go into the future through demonic portals.
It was some kind of Stargate.
I saw them walking through this thing, trying to be translated through demonic portals like astral projection.
It was a satanic thing, but they were harnessing it with this energy and using it.
People say there's no such thing as time travel.
I don't know how they were doing it, but they were going to the future.
They were doing something, and it looked like it was out of hell.
It's the same thing they're trying to do with CERN and these dark things I saw.
I heard "dark matter.
" I could see some kind of blue light.
It was beautiful; it looked like a sapphire.
As it was being mixed with this other element, it was making their faces glow with this blue light.
The whole thing was being contained.
They couldn't get it to sustain; it would only burn for a second and then burn up like a light bulb.
Like Thomas Edison said, it didn't have the right frequency.
It was a mathematical equation.
When they fixed it, it ran continually.
It started building, and I could hear it making a noise in the room.
I could see this thing power up while they were all plotting.
It kept going, and then I could see all these bubbles at the bottom starting to come up.
The engine started turning.
It was for a new kind of jet, and it was all about math.
It was pretty neat.
I liked to look at it.
I like to go back there and watch these people create this stuff that looks like it'd be worth billions and billions of dollars.
You know, it's pretty neat watching them, and I could see the water bubbling, but it wasn't boiling.
The water was bubbling without boiling; it looked like it was boiling, but it was not.
It was energy.
And they harnessed water by mixing it and doing something.
It was a new thing that's coming, and it makes oil and gas look like something from the past.
It's clean, but this is a lot more powerful than splitting an atom, like nuclear, but it was a blue light.
Now I know that Kim Clement saw a blue energy coming, bringing healing to people.
This is not what I saw.
I saw a blue light that creates a new wave of energy.
It's a new form of money.
And they say, 'Well, Brandon, how would that make the fossil fuels go up?
And how would all these things happen?
' I don't know.
I don't know why, because I saw Iraq coming up out of the ashes for a great new economy and all these things coming for Iraq in the days ahead, and Persia will lose its hold.
That's what we're seeing right now.
They're losing their grip.
The Prince of Persia is losing his grip.
Iran's in trouble.
A major revival is coming to Iran.
But when you see these new kinds of energies coming—and this will come out of AI and some of the things that I've seen about this—it's pretty wild because, in my mind, I don't know what I'm seeing.
I just see a nuke.
But I could even see how the motor was made.
I could see how it was turning.
And I was thinking, 'What in the world?
' It wasn't like an eight-cylinder engine; it was a turbine.
It was turning.
It was pretty cool, though.
So, one day soon, you'll see things flying in the sky with it powering them, and you'll remember this video and you'll say, 'I remember when he said that.
' But it's all on a chalkboard, a mathematical equation.
It looked like something out of an Albert Einstein kind of deal.
It's math problems that filled the whole side.
I could see it.
It was some kind of...
I was thinking, 'What in the world?
' But as these people were walking through these portals, they were doing it with some kind of light.
And I could see—that's why I go back to that video I posted yesterday, Braden did—I could see them walking through this portal like Stargate, and these men had guns on, and they were going through these portals, and it looked like something out of a sci-fi movie.
And I said, 'What am I looking at?
' and they were trying to go into the future, but it was a demonic portal, playing with things that the Lord said they should not be playing with.
It seems so far out there.
And I am not a conspiracy theorist.
I'm not into all this weirdness.
I'm not into lizard people.
I said there's five different tribes of lizard people.
They go throughout all the seven continents.
I saw five different branches of lizard people.
All of them were different kinds of generations of reptilians.
And they were all here—demonic stuff.
I've seen it.
I said, 'What is going on?
Why am I seeing these lizard people?
' and it was creepy.
And it went down to the Mayans.
It went into the royals.
It went into the royals in Saudi Arabia and to the Indian lineages, Native Americans.
They call them ant people.
And I saw them inside under the ground.
Creepy stuff.
I've seen it.
And I go, 'What is this?
What is all this?
' The Lord shows me this stuff.
It's Nephilim.
It's dark, and it's the royals.
And they are some creepy lizard people.
They actually look like this thing that came out of Spider-Man—like that lizard thing, that lizard-dragon looking thing that was in Spider-Man.
I kid you not.
That's what they look like.
But they were like a chameleon somehow and able to hide.
But they wanted to keep the bloodline strong.
So they married in to try to keep the bloodline of it.
And it was dark and I was like, 'What is all this, Lord?
You show me this stuff.
' So you'll see.
I just keep praying.
And why the Lord visits me, I don't know.
I know that I pray.
And you can say, 'Well, Brandon, you sound like a crack addict.
That doesn't even sound right.
All the stuff you say, you sound like you're on drugs.
' No, I'm just a simple backwoods guy and I love the Lord.
I know I've overcome a lot, but I'm going to tell you this: He visits and I just keep humble before Him because I know it has nothing to do with Brandon Biggs.
Yeah, that right there.
You show them.
Don't play the clip.
No, that's the lizard people.
That's what they look like.
That's what the ones in England look like.
That's the ones in England.
It's real.
I've seen it.
It's demonic.
But when I pray and I seek Him, He becomes more real to me, just like He will you.
And if He'll use me, He'll use you.
Always stay small in your own eyes and keep going.
And in the days ahead, it will prove to be accurate.
And you'll have a lot of haters from the peanut gallery, always saying things.
But I just keep going.
And I pray over my family and we just keep going.
He said, 'I'll protect you.
I'll watch over you.
Just go tell them I'm coming.
Go tell them I'm coming, Brandon.
Tell them they're running out of time and the church is asleep.
Tell them I'm coming.
Not 30 years, not a hundred years.
I'm coming.
I'm standing at the door.
What are you waiting on?
A major revival.
You do this and I'll come and get you.
Get the souls saved, son, and I'll come and get you.
' That's what He tells me all the time.
'I'm waiting on you.
You ain't waiting on me.
If you do what I ask you to do and get the souls saved, son, I'll come and get you.
I'm waiting on you.
' Jesus has done everything He's going to do.
He paid the price once and for all for sin, sickness, disease, poverty, and lack.
He paid the price once and for all.
He ain't going to die again for us.
He's already died once.
It is finished.
Everything He set out to do, He did it.
But we are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He dwells on the inside of us.
As He is, so are we in this world.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
We are seated.
He told me, 'Brandon, no matter how many intercessors I raise up to protect you in the spirit, to pray over you and help you, ultimately they can hold the walls and pray, son, but you've got to take your authority.
You cannot be lazy in your Christianity and your walk with me.
Exercise the authority that is inside of you by faith.
Read these books.
Understand who you are in Him.
How to use your authority by Sister Billye Brim.
' And I'm not pushing their books.
I don't have any book agreements.
'Oh, but he gets a kickback.
' Not a dollar.
I do it because I want to help people.
And if this helps me, I sure hope it would help you.
The blood authority of the precious blood of Jesus by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
The gift of prophecy by Kenneth E.
Prayers, praying to get results.
These are just little books.
They're probably like a dollar, but some of them, this one's $3.
But we use this every day, my wife and I, driving down the road.
Use your authority.
And the Lord said, 'Don't be lazy.
Don't be lazy.
' So, we're in times like we've never seen before, and we're going to see things like we've never seen before, ladies and gentlemen.
And in the days ahead, you're going to see fearful sights that will bring you to your knees.
There will be five major shakings in the earth, in politics, in the heavens, in the church, and in finances.
Five major shakings are coming to this world.
It's time to come to the Lord Jesus Christ; you're running out of time.
As we see right now, a shaking in the world is coming up with rioting in Minnesota, Iran, and these areas.
And I'm telling you, this is just the beginning.
2026 is going to be a dandy of a year.
You're going to go, 'Oh,' when we get to 2027; you're going to watch.
So far, we're just 11 or 12 days into it—whatever it is—it ain't nothing.
We're just barely even scratching the surface of 2026.
But we hear all this prophetic chatter.
Find God for yourself.
Turn YouTube off.
Listen to what the voice of the Lord is telling you.
And the only way you're going to know it is by getting into this Book.
You must get the Bible down inside of you and have a foundation of the Word inside of you.
You're going to be snared by all the false prophets.
Don't listen to 'Sister Who' or 'The Prophet.
' 'Oh, I swear by him; he is accurate.
Oh my God, he is accurate!
' We're all human regardless.
I go by what the people in the Bible said; you must never miss it.
I'm going to tell you this: people are human.
I don't put any man on a pedestal.
Brandon is human.
I'm human, and I can miss it.
You're human; you can miss it.
Nobody's going to put Brandon Biggs on a pedestal.
Nobody's going to put anybody else on a pedestal.
I'll knock the pedestal down because the only person who is perfect is Jesus Christ.
So, you don't need to follow man; you need to follow what the Holy Ghost is telling you.
Get this Bible down inside of your heart, and it will change you from the inside out.
That's what you've got to do.
Stop listening to all the prophetic.
Listen to what the Holy Ghost is telling you, then apply the prophetic to it.
Does that witness with you?
Is that right?
Judge the word.
Listen to the Bible for yourself and fall on your knees before a holy God.
'God, I need you.
I don't want to be snared by anybody.
I want to follow you, Jesus.
' Now, Lord, I hear it, and if it witnesses with my spirit, I'll follow along with it.
Well, this one's saying this and that one's saying that; they're surrounded by all these different voices all day long.
I hear it: 'Brandon, they're saying this, and this sister's saying that; it's totally different than what you're saying.
' What is God saying to you?
I don't know?
He isn't talking to me?
That's a problem.
What is God saying to you?
Not what Kim Clement said, not what so-and-so said.
What did God say to you?
And if you aren't hearing Him, and you're only hearing God by ChatGPT or something you heard on YouTube, you're in trouble for what's coming.
I try to prepare you, not scare you.
I'm trying to warn you as loud as I can that a storm's coming.
There's fruit.
If I didn't feel like there was fruit behind what I was saying—if you didn't see it in the news a couple of days later—then just turn it off.
I'll turn my own channel off.
I don't want to cause any confusion, but I feel to pray.
If there's no accuracy to it, like with Venezuela when I warned you about all this stuff and you don't see it in the news, then please turn it off.
Don't watch me because I don't want to cause any confusion in your house.
I honestly feel like the Lord told me to do this, but even then, I could have missed it.
But I hate the dogmatic pride and the arrogance behind some of these ministers that I see, and they don't face that they've missed it.
I'm human, folks, and I'm so done with it.
If I miss it, forgive me.
I tried.
I'm doing the best I can with what I've been given.
I'm just as flesh as anybody else.
If I'm off and I miss it, then please forgive me.
I'm just a work in progress, saved by grace, doing the best I can just like everybody else.
And so we're just going to keep pushing on in 2026.
Whatever the Lord brings us, we pray about it and we see the news.
All glory to Jesus.
Brandon, thank God it was right.
It wasn't about me.
There were three or four major words starting to come with this.
And then I want to say this to all of you in Australia.
It's always hot in Australia.
Well, if that word's off and you say it wasn't hot—I saw a major drought coming to Australia.
I saw major fires.
I saw kangaroos dying because they couldn't find water.
I saw cattle and farmers trying to move their cattle because the water was too low.
I saw a major heatwave that was causing pools of water to completely dry up because there was no rain.
I heard it three times: 'No rain over Australia.
' There would be so much drought because of weather manipulation and weather warfare that it would dry up your pools of water and lakes, and there were splits in the ground with no water.
Now, if that's not happening, then say it's not for today or it's an off-word, but I saw it coming July of last year.
And the Lord said, 'This is what's coming.
Pray for rain.
Take your authority, Australia, and pray for rain, for you can change this with your faith.
Call the weather patterns to change, Australia.
' Call the rain, for there will be a great drought, and you must speak to the rain to come.
This will be a sign of dryness, but a great outpouring of my presence and fire will come upon Australia in the days ahead with a Holy Ghost revival.
And I'm raising up new faces, new Davids in the land of Australia that will come up and be bigger than what Hillsong was.
Great new worship will flow out of the land of Australia with new people on the scene in the days ahead that will write songs from the throne room of heaven.
He said, 'I'm not done with Australia, and a major move of my glory is about to pour out on that land from Sydney all the way across.
' He said, 'Brandon, I'm going to do it one more time.
' A major revival is coming to Australia.
So if you don't feel like that word's right and you don't want it, then don't criticize me and say, 'Brandon, you're false.
' I'm trying to tell you, God said He wants to do something big in your nation.
He said you could pray over your weather and call the rain to come forth.
If you don't have drought, then this isn't for you.
If there's not record-breaking heat, then it isn't for you.
Then you say, 'Well, maybe for another time.
' I just see in part.
Now I've talked too long.
Let's pray.
I've got to go get my girlfriend.
Where's your mama?
I'll go get her real quick because I've got to have her.
She helps me.
She was setting up tomorrow's birthday for Paisley.
She always likes to put some candles out and stuff.
All right, well, I think I'm going to change this background to Trump praying.
I wanted to see if I could do it.
I have a good idea.
I think the idea of AI—let's see if it looks good.
It doesn't look as real.
I don't know; that one looks more real.
I like the more real looks.
Which one do you like better?
Oh yeah, you tell her happy birthday.
Happy birthday.
No, don't throw rocks at me.
This is not high fructose corn syrup, but I needed a little something; I'm falling asleep here.
She said, "Brandon, you drink that.
" It's cane sugar; it's Daddy's; it's cane sugar.
It's not high fructose corn syrup.
I said, "Well, okay, I have it every once in a while.
It's still bad for you.
" Oh, Holy Spirit, we invite you.
I need your help.
I can't do this without you.
I thank you, Lord, that you wouldn't even want me to.
This isn't about me; it's all about you.
And we just humble ourselves before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you have a plan for our life—every person represented here tonight, all 8,100 of you.
I don't know if that number is right, but Father, we're so grateful for every person who's here tonight, and they just want to pray.
Thank you for my wife, Diana.
We humble ourselves before you; if there's something you want us to see, if there's something you want us to do, Father, we do it all to the glory of God.
In all that we do in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
We thank you, Father, for the people here tonight.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus and we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes—I don't have the pen, baby, I'm sorry—we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we're healed.
You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we're healed.
We thank you, Lord.
From the top of our head to the soles of our feet, we're healed and whole and well.
And we thank you, Lord, even our necks, our bodies, our temples.
We line up with the word of God that we are healed.
We are whole in the name of Jesus.
And we lift up the body and we thank you, Lord, that Christ be for us, and who can be against us in Jesus' name?
And we're healed and whole and well.
Amen and amen.
Now Lord, we take the blood.
We take the blood and I apply the blood over my eyes that I see only what you want me to see.
I hear what you want me to hear.
And I thank you, Lord; a stranger's voice will not follow.
Now I take authority over satanic attack in the name of Jesus.
I bind voodoo.
I bind witchcraft of all kind.
You will not touch me, hinder me, or harm me in any way.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us today.
And we apply the blood.
We make much of the blood, and we take our rightful place of authority and we say in the name of Jesus, "Satan, thus far and no further, you'll not touch us, our finances, our wife, my children, any of us.
" We're covered in the blood and we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
And we apply the blood of Jesus; it never loses its power.
And we thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Amen and amen.
Did you want one?
I'm sorry.
There you go.
You can have one too, Braden.
We take the blood in Jesus' name.
Hallelujah.
Thank God for the blood of Jesus.
Aren't you so glad Jesus died for you?
Aren't you so glad Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory?
We're so grateful for what Jesus did for us.
If this was my last day on this earth, if this was your last day on this earth, would you spend eternity with him?
Is Jesus Christ your Lord and personal savior?
If he's not, you must make him that way.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter the kingdom of God.
There's so many people that I've learned over the last couple of years that believe they are born again, that believe that if they died today they would spend eternity with him, but they don't know him.
They're practicing witchcraft.
There's people reading tarot cards; there's people doing all kinds of stuff that say they're Christian psychics, Christian tarot card readers, Christian this.
You go, "No.
You don't mix.
" You don't mix the devil's stuff with Jesus, the vile with the pure.
There's no mixing it.
You either are all in or you're all out.
You must know Jesus Christ.
I know the hour is late; Jesus Christ is coming.
I have such a burden in my heart for the lost because I know there's so many of you that don't know him.
But we're going to pray tonight.
I want this to marinate; I want it to be real with you.
Shake yourself inside of yourself tonight and say, "Do I know him?
" And Father, we just thank you, Lord, for this time.
Lord, we're so grateful.
We're so grateful that you call us friends.
You call us sons and daughters.
You called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
We plead the blood of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our eyes, over us.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We dedicate ourselves to you.
I'm at the Oval Office, and there's ungodly counsel trying to counsel him.
We raise up men and women around him with godly counsel for the valley of decision that he's about to make.
What in the world is that?
I'll do my best to describe this to you.
I see that storm.
I see the lights are on in the White House again.
I see a great storm cloud over where Congress meets.
I see that it has something to do with the White House and Congress.
This is the Senate and the House.
I see a storm with lightning all around the Congress right now.
There's a storm coming concerning the White House.
They're one but they're two.
Two in one.
I see the storm over them and I see the storm over here.
But there's a light on in the White House.
As this goes up, it goes out like a spaceship.
It goes out like a cloud that looks similar to a major updraft in a thunderstorm.
But there's so much lightning and the top of the base of this thunderstorm looks like a dome, like a flying saucer.
There's so much purple, so many different colors of purple.
I'll camp here for a minute.
What will he say for his speech when he addresses the nation that day?
It's about the State of the Union coming; look it up.
I don't think there's a set time yet.
It will set the tone of the whole year.
February 24th.
So, it's February 24th.
And I see this looking like a grub coming up out of the land.
It looks like a grub, one of those worms, but it has these tentacles and they're all moving like this.
What is that?
This is interesting because I see Australia looking on, looking up toward what we're going to do.
I see a man with an army hat looking up towards us.
He has a military hat on and military shades.
And he's looking up, watching to see what decision was made.
And this is even concerning what will happen with Taiwan.
The valley of decision.
I see red all around Taiwan.
I see Australia looking on and they're all looking like this.
They're looking up, but they're looking out and over Taiwan.
And I see this is like an acid rain.
Taiwan has an acid rain.
I see it's red like what you'd see when a sun sets on there, and the sky is red.
A red dawn, like a red red.
I see acid rain coming out of this red and there's lightning.
I see a storm around it.
But they're all connected to the decision that he's about to make: the valley of decision.
Say monster.
I see Claudia right now and it's very prominent.
I see her fading away, gone in a day.
He said, "Is she gone in a day?
" It's bringing stability in the land.
A man will rise up.
I see him.
He looks like a very polished man.
He's not heavy.
He has a nice black suit on.
I see a new man rising up.
He has black shades on.
He's economy-minded.
A new man will rise up that will be economy-minded, and he will shift the economy of Mexico.
A new man will rise up and corruption will be removed.
A puppet will be removed.
A new one will rise up and bring an economic future.
I see an economic future that is not manipulated by the cartel, for the betterment of the people.
He's not so much a politician but a businessman.
I would almost say that Trump instates them somehow, or influences this.
It's like a businessman.
He tries to dress like Donald, but this guy's skinnier.
He's very skinny looking; he's not a heavy-set man.
He looks like he's in his maybe 45 or 50 years old.
He looks like a Rico Suave—you know, like the actor that plays in Puss in Boots.
His voice...
he looks like Antonio Banderas, you know what I'm talking about?
He looks suave, but I hear a businessman mindset, and it'll be about the economy.
He tries to join up.
Remember, I saw Mexico coming up alongside America?
I saw Mexico trying to join up with the dollar, and the dollar and Mexico will be one and no longer the peso.
It's a business, a financial business trying to join up with America and Canada.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like with a new currency, like a new standard.
I see finances flowing, better trade, better money, getting rid of the corruption in Mexico.
The Lord said this takes much prayer.
The Lord just said this will take much prayer if they're willing to fight for it.
She has her talons in it.
It's like when you see somebody dragging their nails because they're fighting to stay.
She's a Jezebel.
They're fighting to stay, but her talons will lose their grip.
She has witchcraft there.
The talons will lose their grip.
Every one of her things was clipped.
I see a clipping of the fingers, these talons that are about to take place.
They're like nails, like a cat trying to grab on to the desk.
They're pulling her out.
She'll fight it.
Stability will come all throughout South America and all of Mexico.
A corruption that has been going for too long.
This is my hand in this, for a major revival will come to South America, to the Spanish people, to the Portuguese.
A major revival will come to the land.
I see people weeping.
I see Catholics.
I see the Spanish families weeping before the Lord, weeping for change, weeping for prosperity and a better tomorrow.
People who work very hard for what they have but don't get paid enough, working very hard like slave labor to a point.
And the Lord said, "I'm bringing liberty.
I'm bringing revival.
I'm bringing a freshness to the Spanish communities.
" But they will have to fight for this.
They have to stand for this and contend.
Be a contender in these last days, child.
Nothing is owed to no one.
Fight for it.
Say, "This is mine.
" In the spirit realm, fight for it: "This is mine.
" I call the corruption to be exposed to remove the corruption through the cartel, Claudia, and Venezuela.
And it's not just Colombia.
It's not just Cuba.
This goes clear down.
There's corruption all down through here by Panama.
Lord, but I'm going to raise up a new leader in Mexico.
Oh Lord, You're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
And I see a storm trying to involve around Trump right now.
When we come over here and the enemy is over from the Senate and the House.
Yeah, it's Pakistan.
Okay, so all this is about a storm trying to evolve around Trump.
I see the lights are on the White House, but a major storm's brewing all around the White House.
A major storm, and this is with the House and the Senate.
We pray over him.
We pray because I see JD Vance in the background and he looks black and white.
He looks gray.
He looks gray, JD Vance.
Donald Trump's in full color.
He's very prominent.
He's behind the oval desk.
But JD Vance is on Capitol Hill.
He's black and white.
He looks gray.
He doesn't have any color.
And he's looking at the White House.
He's looking from the steps of the Capitol.
He's on those steps and he's looking at the White House.
I don't know if they're by each other, but this could be just symbolic.
He's gray.
His suit's even gray.
It looks like black and white, like an old movie.
And his head is big like a bobblehead.
His head is big, distorted out from inside his body.
His neck is barely able to support his head.
His head is a bobblehead and it's big, and his face is looking toward the White House.
He has a big head and a gray suit.
His suit looks like it would be a dark-colored suit with a red tie and he has a white shirt on.
He's dressed like our president is dressed, but he's standing on the steps looking this way with a big head and it's gray, and his hair is perfect.
He looks like a cartoon similar to the Simpsons, like a bobblehead.
His head is barely able to be held on by his neck.
His head is bigger than his body.
I'm looking at it clearly.
And there's lightning above him.
He's on the top step.
I see Rubio.
And his eyes are big, beady.
His eyes are big and they're darting back and forth like he's nervous.
He looks like his face is sweating, but he's looking at him from the bottom step and his eyes are like you've been shocked—almost like you see a car coming at you and you're in shock.
That's what his eyes look like and he's looking at him.
And on that building, I see a major eagle that is glowing with sparkles.
It is glowing with sparkles.
And there's light shining from above on that building.
It looks like a phoenix, like a bird that is sitting on a perch on that steeple at the top point of that building on that oval.
There's a bird sitting on it that looks like a golden bird that is black and white, but you can see that the top of this, all the way to its shoulders, is glowing with sparkles and it looks like a female bird.
It doesn't look like a male bird.
This looks similar to a peacock.
This looks like a peacock.
That's not an eagle.
That's a peacock.
It has to be.
That's the way a peacock looks, but it has no feathers out.
It's just there on that perch.
Why would it be a peacock?
What does a peacock represent?
It looks like a peacock.
Be still, son.
I'm looking at you, focusing.
But look, this is very serious concerning the decisions that are about to be made.
I see Nixon again.
Hallelujah.
As I keep looking through the window, I see President Trump at his desk.
I can only see his back; he's facing the desk, hunched over, writing.
He has a pen in his hand and he's writing.
He's busy working.
This is interesting.
I'm at his place in Florida.
It's very colorful.
I see his wife.
She's in a ball gown with sequins and cleavage at the top.
It looks bedazzled.
She's looking towards the north.
She's waiting.
I heard that she's waiting.
Waiting for what?
I see Barron.
He has a tux on.
There's just so much going on right here.
I sing Praises to your name, oh Lord.
I can see the new ballroom in the White House.
It's a really beautiful place, very elegant.
He will finish his race, not a disgrace to finish the race.
It's so important about the race, the Senate, and the House.
They cannot get...
it's about not even getting one, but not to get both.
It's that serious.
These major decisions that he's about to make.
Do you understand?
Coming up in the next couple of days, these major decisions, it's about the election and the speech that he gives on the 24th—the 24th is when he was invited.
During that timeframe, the speech that he gives for America, where we go in our economy, where we go for the next year, praying for him and the decisions that he makes concerning Greenland, how he handles the rest of Venezuela, how he handles Cuba, how he handles Claudia Scheinbaum, how he handles the others concerning Iran.
But this will be mainly Israel, with America backing it.
What's about to happen with Iran?
Kind of like the Midnight Hammer.
But this one's going to be a regime change.
When I told you I saw them fleeing and going into Iraq, they'll go to places hiding.
A lot of leadership; they'll try to be like rats on a ship trying to get out of there.
There's a great shaking coming to Iran.
These are major pivotal moments that will affect the rest of his presidency.
He's in the valley of decision.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you give him wisdom only orchestrated by the Holy Ghost.
We pray for him to have great protection and that he'll stand to bring liberty to these places so that they have revival.
What is about to happen in Iran is set in stone.
It's already happened.
They're next.
It's already in motion.
Iran will be taken like that.
It's a major deal, just like the last one.
But this one is just to clean up what they should have finished in the first place.
This is where the anti-Semitism will rise up, but it's by design.
He's bringing his people back to his land.
It will shake them out of that.
It's like you go, 'Okay, we've got to uproot and get out of here.
' Do they get paid to go home to Israel?
Do they fund that?
If I want to uproot your family and move to Israel, that's going to cost a lot of money.
Are there programs for that?
Like funded programs for your family?
Because I'm seeing a funded program for families to uproot and move to Israel.
If you have real true lineage, Israel's law of return—there'll be a lot of people take up on that.
I see a lot of people leaving New York.
But I'm telling you, there'll be great anti-Semitism, even greater in the days ahead.
It's by design; it's fulfilling prophecy.
I heard the Father say, 'I'm fulfilling my word.
I'm fulfilling what I said.
My Son's return is imminent.
' It's going to take a lot of people off.
And I see him occupying Gaza.
They'll take the land there in Gaza.
I see these people coming.
I see them building houses there, doing things in Gaza.
The Lord said the land of Gaza belongs to Israel.
He said, 'That's my land.
That's my land and the Golan Heights is my land.
The West Bank is my land, and I'm taking back my land.
' The Lord said it very bold.
He says shaking, 'Taking back my land.
' You're going to see this is like thunderous.
We pray over the decisions that he takes.
He has great pressure on the decisions that he makes.
This is concerning Gaza, Israel, and the days ahead for Iran.
President Trump has a hand to hold and it's a lot of weight on him.
This is concerning the Claudia Scheinbaum.
It's like you talk about having a hand in many pots.
This is a lot of pressure.
I see him at his desk writing; this is heavy.
He knows he's running out of time.
He's even concerned about him finishing his term.
This takes much prayer, that he'd have three years instead of one full year.
You're talking about impeachment.
I'm talking about the House.
They'll try to impeach.
But I see them taking over the Senate and we'll have the House by a little.
But God wants it that we win both in a strong red wave.
He'll push through so much in this year 2026.
This is for the finances, concerning crypto and many major decisions.
2026 is a year of urgency in the spirit.
Praise the Lord.
It's lifted off.
I sing Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I'm looking into Australia and when I started worshiping again, it opened it back up.
I see a great shaking in the Philippines concerning a major church.
A major shaking will happen in a day.
As I look into it, I'll show you.
I'm telling you, there's a great revival coming, a freshness on the people that out of the heat, out of the fire, out of the coals, a fresh fire of the Holy Ghost out of the coals, out of the embers.
That once was a cultivation, a blowing with new kindling, a new blowing.
I see it when you blow those embers and they get hot, and then you put the new kindling on and it starts blowing; it's on the land.
Praise the Lord.
Over Australia, over New Zealand.
A shaking in New Zealand, a shaking.
A great revival across the land.
And it's the same with Africa; it's the same with these places.
People, I'm telling you, a major move of God.
I keep seeing it.
I'm seeing Africa right now.
I'm seeing a glorious move over Africa.
As the world as a whole, the Lord says we're in the valley of decision.
It's that turning point; it's a time of a great shifting and shaking.
It's like he's old—2 Corinthians 5:5.
We're in that timeframe of major shaking.
It's a beautiful time, but it's a time of great intensity when I see the storms.
I see it when I'm looking into what was the most intense storm over the capital dome.
Praise; I thank you, Father.
Freddy Malan, turn the volume.
Don't worry, don't mind me.
I'm sorry, y'all.
I just camped there and I'm just looking.
I see so much tonight and my natural language cannot tell you all that I see.
Everything that I see has so much color and so much detail.
And I'm just being quiet and I'm scoping the land of Israel.
I'm scoping the land.
So I can look into it and I can pull myself out and I can go all over.
He's allowing my eyes to be able to gaze and I can go upon the land of Europe.
I'm looking all around as I just take the time.
I was just looking at it because everything is so detailed tonight and I take it and I put it inside me and I can go across America and I see Mexico.
I'm going down and out there.
I see Asia, but all I want to say is the sky above is so ripe for revival and such a return of the beautiful white clouds that I keep seeing all above the atmosphere of this blue sky.
And there's so much beauty to it.
It's almost like after a major rainstorm and everything is so clean and so crisp in the air.
I can see it and it's so clear.
All this stuff is happening, but it's all being set up and all aligned for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
The Great Tribulation is at hand.
Everything is about to kick off.
People don't realize how close we are to the Great Tribulation starting.
We have a window; the window is very small.
I'm telling you it's like the beginning of a race, like you see the Sooners and all the people getting ready to start off the race.
That's what it's like, like the Oklahoma Land Run.
Everything is just—I can see the excitement, I can see the beginning and the bustling of the spirit realm, and they're anticipating the coming of the Lord Jesus.
You know, we're so focused on the seven years of the Tribulation, but it's about the thousand years.
That's what the anticipation is really truly about: the New Heaven, the New Earth, the thousand-year reign.
It's all anticipation.
All this is turning from the sheep and the goat nations to be all about the coming of the King.
We're at the end of this world.
We're about to start the thousand years with Jesus.
That's what the whole bustle is about.
This is all getting ready for this major event.
Yeah, we're all focused on this because that's what we see, but a thousand years is a long time and all the ruling and reigning with Him.
It's all getting set up and it's amazing as you look into it.
And President Trump plays a huge key role in all this.
And yeah, people go, 'Well, I don't like politics, Brandon.
Are you politicizing?
' No, it's just all about the end times and where we are.
It's really amazing.
I get excited because I look at all of that and I'm going, 'Wow.
' If I could take what I see right now and put it in a book or a movie, you could read it; it would be the most beautiful thing.
But I don't know how to get it out of my words.
You know, when I was looking at the new ballroom for the White House, it's really going to be beautiful.
I could see the people in it and I could see the party.
I could see the storm outside.
I don't know why I keep seeing storms over Washington, but it's so beautiful whenever they finish it.
It will be something to be seen, I tell you that.
It's so classy and it's in the summer.
I saw this party; it looked like it was probably May or June.
The opening of this ceremony was beautiful.
I could see the sun and all the things, but I could see the economy and where we were and what it felt like.
I knew where we were as America as a whole.
It's a very scary place.
Do you remember what it felt like at 9/11, the day after?
Does anyone remember 9/11?
The way it felt the day after—that's the way the atmosphere felt in the spirit when I was there just a minute ago.
It had such an eerie feeling.
So, while I've kept you all here long enough, I don't like leaving when I'm in the spirit like that.
That's why I just delay and I'm just looking and I just like to rest because it's so comforting.
The spirit realm is so refreshing and I feel it pulls me and I love it.
So that's why I'm never in a rush, but I know I'm live.
But that's what it felt like.
It was like 9/11.
I could still see the East Coast and there was a storm, but I could see the dust settling and there was so much shaking above the land from whatever event takes place over us.
America looks so different here soon.
But this requires much prayer: to pray over our land, to pray over Israel, to pray over what's coming for Iran, for liberation for the people, for a major revival.
And that's what we're all after.
It felt like a major revival is coming from sea to shining sea.
And it'll be beautiful in Australia, in these areas, and it's one last push, one last call for the harvest for all these people to come to Jesus.
It's going to be beautiful.
Like I say, it's not like 9/11; it's like revival.
It's like everybody came back to church after 9/11.
It's the same kind of a push.
Unity.
There you go, babe.
It feels good.
Yeah, you got your idiots, but for the most part, people are in unity because they all come together for America.
It was like everybody had a patriotism—like America or Australia—you just have a patriotism.
You're just about the land, getting people saved.
It felt good.
Everybody was coming back.
There was fear in the air because of what just happened, but there was so much hope of thinking things are going to get better with the people—kind of like it was with Charlie, but this was on steroids.
I'm so thankful for you.
We'll be back again tomorrow, and hopefully I can come on earlier.
Tomorrow's Paisley's birthday, so we're going to do a little bit of something with her and then we'll pray.
But I just want to tell you all thank you for joining me tonight, all 7,900 of you, if that's what's still here.
Thank you.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and do everything you can to help me with the algorithm, I really appreciate it.
They try to suppress my videos.
The only reason this channel's afloat is because of you all and the Holy Ghost.
I tell you that because it's not because they promote it; it's because when you like and subscribe, it pushes it regardless.
They can suppress, suppress, suppress, but the moment you try to do things to help me by sharing it with your family and telling others, it pushes it out, and it's all Jesus.
Isn't that wonderful?
No matter how much they don't like it, Jesus likes it.
So, isn't that wonderful?
That's all that matters.
No matter if it grows or if it doesn't, we still try.
We contend.
We can contend.
So, remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.